The other thing I wanted to kick off and
then I'll switch over to MR is just
showing uh one of the cool things that
is unique in AI studio is we make it
super easy to build not only using 33
pro but also a bunch of our uh different
API tools and capabilities. So we have
things like Google search grounding,
Google maps grounding. Uh so this is a
prompt I have that is creating a running
app and I'm going to add this chip which
allows it to use Google maps data. Uh,
and basically the prompt is asking for a
view where I can type in a location.
It'll find uh different running
locations based on the distance I want
to run using Google Maps data. So, I'll
let this bake for a bit and then Amar,
you want to show something?
>> Cad and Amar and actually both need this
app because we were walking around
yesterday and Kad and are the most
confident people just walking down
completely the wrong direction.
>> No sense of direction. So, this is a
very
>> I'll be honest, I can't even get to the
same place twice.
>> I couldn't find the set this morning.
This looks awesome. Maybe we look at it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, this is the footpath AI
uh feature that I asked for. So, I'm
going to type in Brooklyn where Amar and
I live. Uh we'll just do 1K. Um and find
routes. Uh
>> 1K. Thanks for making that accessible.
>> Yeah. No, that's all for you.
>> This is this is the problem with us
having vibe coded all morning with
Gemini 3 is we're running out of our our
model code in AI Studio. I think it's
time to switch environments.
>> I know. Yeah, might switch accounts
quick. But, uh, what's also nice about
AI Studio apps is you can see the code
for anything you generated. And we also
always create this Gemini services file
where you can see the prompts that we're
using and as well the models. Um, so I'm
going to update this. It looks like it's
using Flash. Don't want that to be the
case. So, I'll update this to 3.0 Pro
and hopefully
>> Gemini 3 Pro Preview.
>> Yes, Pro Preview.
>> I love it. Is a great name. It is a
great
>> string is memorized.
>> The model definitely doesn't change
every time we ship a model. So
>> certainly not this
>> say it's clean.
>> It's very clean. It is clean. It is
clean.
>> All right. Yeah, that's fair. Free is
probably going to be in worse shape. But
uh yeah, it's we've played with it
before. It's super cool to see how maps
interplays with the model and gives you
all this cool data.
>> I love it. That's awesome.